---
imageURL: https://d1s8fi0p4o2ghp.cloudfront.net/images/2025/ESKEI.jpg
kind:
  type: Live Performance
links: []
---
Having conquered the competitive turntablism scene, ESKEI83 seamlessly infuses his signature DJ skills into every piece of music he touches. With millions of streams to his name, he has mastered the art of translating the electrifying energy of his DJ sets into pulsating, bass-fueled madness, all while crafting moving melodies with precision. 
With dance music’s most iconic entertainers—Alison Wonderland, Luude, Pendulum, Kanine, Zeds Dead, What So Not, and many more—supporting his tracks, and releases on heavyweight labels like Flux Pavilion’s Circus Records, Viper Recordings, Sweat It Out, and Tiesto’s Musical Freedom, ESKEI83’s influence is undeniable.
Recognized as one of Germany’s most esteemed and sought-after DJ exports, he is celebrated worldwide for his unparalleled technical prowess and an extraordinary ability to read the crowd, curating high-energy journeys through drum & bass, dubstep, and open-format music like no other. This is the mark of a truly unique artist—equal parts storyteller and vibe conductor.
The 8-time DJ battle winner was the first German DJ to claim the Red Bull 3Style World Champion title, demonstrating an extraordinary mastery of the decks. His DJ mixes have amassed millions of plays on YouTube, with a social media following surpassing 500k and an exclusive Apple Music mix prominently featured on the platform’s Dance category for weeks. On TikTok, he stands as one of the most successful DJs, boasting over 250k followers and millions of views under #electronicmusic, #realdjing, and #dnb.
His viral fusion of Red Hot Chili Peppers' 'Can’t Stop' with Flux Pavilion and Bare Up’s DnB hit took Instagram by storm, racking up millions of views across more than 100k reels, with even the biggest football teams joining the trend.
2023 & 2024 was a landmark festival season for ESKEI83, with electrifying performances at RAMPAGE, Parookaville, Electric Love, Uprising, Blacklist, Nibirii, and SonneMondSterne. The momentum continues in 2025, where he is set to perform at the legendary Tomorrowland alongside many other top-tier festivals all across the globe.
While his live sets are known for their technical mastery and boundless energy, ESKEI83’s prowess in the studio has produced bass-heavy anthems that shake dance floors across the globe. His singles have amassed tens of millions of streams, with his future bass anthem “Rave” leading the charge. Heavyweights like Pendulum continue to support his record Lift You Up, and he has released music on Monstercat, Deadbeats and Vibe Chemistry’s label Make Your Era* He also collaborated with Flowdan on a powerful track „Warrior“, further cementing his impact on the scene.
Make no mistake—experiencing an ESKEI83 set live is like nothing else. There’s no gimmicky knob-twisting for show—every movement is precise, a testament to his years as a turntable technician. He continues to prove one thing: Real DJing is not dead.


SHORT: ESKEI83 is a world-renowned DJ and turntablist, known for his technical mastery and energetic live performances in drum & bass, dubstep, and open-format music. As an 8-time DJ battle champion and the first German Red Bull 3Style World Champion, he has gained millions of streams and a massive online following. His tracks are supported by top artists like Pendulum, Luude, and Zeds Dead, with releases on major labels. In 2023 and 2024, he performed at top festivals like Parookaville and Rampage, with Tomorrowland on the horizon for 2025. His viral remixes and hit singles continue to shape the electronic music scene.